Revise content on Slurm partitions (#2191)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/computing/running/batch-job-partitions.md

# Available batch job partitions

On CSC supercomputers, programs are run by submitting them to partitions,
which are logical sets of nodes managed by the SLURM workload manager.
This page lists the available SLURM partitions on the Puhti and Mahti
supercomputers, as well as explains their intended uses. Below are the general
guidelines for using the SLURM partitions on our systems:

> 1. **Use the `test` and `gputest` partitions for developing your code.** These

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Use the `test` and `gputest` partitions for testing your code, not production.** These
```
